Space complexity
----------------	
Space complexity describes the amount of space an algorithm takes with respect to the input size. Sometimes we need to choose carefully between time and space complexities, because reducing time complexity may increase space complexity and vice versa.

Iterative algorithm
-------------------
Example
-------
	public void sort(int[] a){
		int size = a.length;
		for(int i=1; i<= size ; i++){
			//logic here
		}
	}

Space required to run the algorithm is for  size and i variable. It takes 2 variables. The space complexity is n+2. Because is n is input it is not considered. So, Space complexity is constant. i.e. O(1).

Example 2
---------
	public void sort(int[] a){
		int size = a.length;
		int[] b = new b[size];
		for(int i=1; i<= size ; i++){
			b[i] = a[i];
			//logic here
		}
	}
	
Space required here is for variables size, b and i. It means 1 + n + 1. i.e. n+2. Space complexity is O(n).

Example 3
---------
	public void sort(int[] a){
		int size = a.length;
		int[][] b = new b[size][size];
		for(int i=1; i<= size ; i++){
			for(int i=1; i<= size ; i++){
				b[i][j] = a[i];
				//logic here
			}	
		}
	}

Space required here is for variables size, b, i and j. It means 1 + n*n + 1 + 1. i.e. n*n+3. Space complexity is O(n^2).

Recursive algorithms
--------------------
Example
-------
	public int sort(int n){
		if(n > 1){
			sort(n-1);
			System.out.println(n);
		}
	}

Note: There are two types of recursion. Here sort() method is called at the begining of the method. Hence it is called head recursion. If sort() is called at the end then it is called tail recursion. If sort() is called in the middle it is called body recursion.

Recursion should stop using some condition. Here the condition is n > 1. This condition is called anchor condition or halting condition.

Space complexity of a recursive algorithm is calculated using method stack. For ex, The method sort() is called with n value 3. The method statck would be sort(3) --> sort(2) --> sort(1).

As there is no new variable used here, space complexity is not calculated using variables. It is calculated using stack size. For ex, imagine each method call takes a fixed space on the stack say k. so, For n value 3, The stack size is 3. It means order of n.

The space complexity of the above algorithm is O(n)

Example 2
---------
	public int sort(int n){
		if(n > 1){
			sort(n-1);
			System.out.println(n);
			sort(n-1);
		}
	}

Before finding Space complexity lets see the Time complexity first. Time complexity here is nothing but howmany times sort() method is executed. 

This program executes like a binary tree with left node gets executed first until the condition (n > 1) is satisfied. Then it prints the value of n, then right node is executed. Lets take n value of 2.

The tree would be like this. sort(2) --> sort(1) --> 2 --> sort(1)
o/p : 2 (sort(1) won't execute because of the exit condition n > 1)

No of times sort() method is called for n value of 2 is 3.

Lets see for n = 3;

The tree is sort(3) --> sort(2) --> sort(1) --> 2 --> sort(1) --> 3 --> sort(2) --> sort(1) --> 2 --> sort(1)

o/p: 232.

No of times sort() method is called for n value of 3 is 7.
No of times sort() method is called for n value of k is 2^k-1.

Space complexity is not the no of times a method is called, but howmany spaces occupied on method stack. It is evident that for n value 2, stack occupies 2 spaces. stack pops up when n value is 1 for left node and re uses the same when n value is 1 for right node. So, for n value of 2 , space complexity is 2. 

Conclusion: For the above problem , The space complexity is O(n).

Note: sort(2) called twice for sort(3) calculation and sor(1) is called 2 times for sor(2). Also, sort(1) called 4 times for sort(3). If the results are cached when they are called first time, the performace can be increased. This is also called dynamic programming.

Lets findout the time complexity. As we have already seen the no of times sort() method is called for a given input size 2, it is 2^n. which is nothing but time complexity. Anyway lets find that out using recursion method.

Lets say time taken for executing sort(n) is T(n). Then 
	T(n) = 2T(n-1) + 1;
	T(n-1) = 2T(n-2) + 1; //substitute this in above equation.
	T(n) = 2(2T(n-2)+1)+1;
		 = 2^2T(n-2) + 2 + 1;
	T(n) = 2^k(T(n-k)) + 2^(k-1) + 1;
Substitue k = n-1, to meet the anchor condition
	T(n) = 2^(n-1) + 2^(n-2) + ...+ 2^2+2^1;
	T(n) = 2^n;

Time complexity is O(2^n).

