Brute Force approach
--------------------
- Finds all the possible solutions and selects desired solution as per the problem statement.

Backtracking
------------
- Backtracking is a problem solving strategy.
- This strategy uses brute-force approach.
- Dynamic programming also uses brute-force approach to find optimum solution, whereas backtracking is used to find all possible solutions.
- Solutions to the Backtracking problems can be represented with State-Space Tree.
- The constraint applied to find the solution is called Bounding function.
- Backtracking follows Depth-First Search method.
- Branch and Bound is also a Brute Force approach similar to Backtracking, but uses Breadth-First Search method.

<b>Consider the below problem</b>

There are 3 students in a class 2 boys and a girl. There are 3 chairs. Find all possible arrangements for 3 students.

Solution: As we know the answer of arranging n students is n!, so in this case there should be 3! solutions i.e. 6.

		      Root
		  /     |     \   
		 B1      B2     G1    
		/ \     / \     / \   
	       B2  G1   B1  G1  B1  B2 
	       |    |   |   |    |   |  
	       G1   B2  G1  B1   B2  B1

The above solution used brute force approach with DFS(depth first search) to find all solutions.

Now lets consider another problem to find all possible solutions in which girl should not be in the middle, then backtracking improvizes on brute-force.

For ex, if we start with B1, the next option could be B2 and G1. We will not choose G1, because of the constraint girl should not be in the middle. To apply this constraint bounding function is used. 

Compared to brute-force we visit less no of nodes. As we don't visit girl node at level 2, we skip visiting their sub-nodes. This is the gain over brute-force where we visit all the nodes.

		      Root
		  /     |     \   
		 B1     B2     G1    
		/       |      / \   
	       B2      B1     B1   B2 
	       |        |      |   |  
	       G1      G1     B2   B1















